OSDOCS#37032: Updates to snapshot docs in CNV (#87808)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/virt-about-vm-snapshots.adoc

You can perform the following snapshot actions:

* Create a new snapshot

> * Create a clone of a virtual machine from a snapshot

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Create a clone of a VM from a snapshot
```

Because at line no 9, the acronym (VM) is already expanded.

+
[IMPORTANT]
----
Cloning a VM with a vTPM device attached to it or creating a new VM from its snapshot is not supported.

> ----

Author: D'oh, rookie mistake, thanks for the heads-up :-)

You can perform the following snapshot actions:

* Create a new snapshot

> * Create a clone of a virtual machine from a snapshot

Reviewer 2: Should we add a note that: "Creation of clone of a vTPM VM is not supported" ?

Note: Creating a VM from vTPM VM snapshot is restricted and also this information is already added as a warning as part of https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/pull/88581
